Hi, thank you for joining today. I'm going to ask you a few questions about your experience navigating inside PFD.
And, uh, this is not a test for you. We are studying the, uh, building navigation experience, so this interview will take approximately 10 minutes.
And your responsive will be… responses will be used for our research and design purposes only.
You can skip any question or stop at any time. So, do you have any permission to proceed?
Yep. Okay, let's start.
Okay. We are going to record this session, the audio recording only.
Okay, okay. To start, what is your role on campus? Are you a student, or…? So, yeah, I'm a student, I'm a graduate student, and I just work in my
I left slash office, and…
They mostly go around PFT for meetings, and…
stuff, yeah, that's it. Okay. Now, how familiar are you with PFD?
Um… I kinda am.
But…
So, it's like, the places I have been to,
I know. Uh, it's like, uh…
So, if I have to go to a specific office that I've already been to, I can, but if I'm going to a new place, it's…
kind of difficult to navigate. Yeah. Like, are you regularly… is it PFT, or…?
Is it sometimes or often in a week? Oh, I… I'd like to say a regular day, a regular visit. Visit me.
And as you already mentioned, that you visit your labs, office, and uh…
and other places, like, can you mention the specific places, other places?
Okay, so in PFD, I go to get coffee from the cafe. That is one of my usual routes.
Yeah. I come to my lab, which is on the second floor, the coffee place is on the first floor,
Uh, I go to my, uh…
advise us for meetings, that is on the third floor.
And maybe some other places, uh, like, now I'm doing a TA, and I have to go to meet that specific professor in another…
office. Basically, that's it. And…
If I know and have to meet a specific person or a friend inside BFD, we just coordinate and meet at a specific place.
What about the restrooms and other places you visited them?
Oh, I shouldn't say restaurants included? Yeah. Yeah, of course. Okay.
Uh, as you have already mentioned, that if there is a familiar place, you would know that place, and you can navigate that place easily, but if there is an unknown place,
It's a bit difficult. It is a bit difficult, yeah. It takes time. I have to go… I have to watch through
all the navigation boards they have up there, which is quite confusing, I'm not gonna lie, and I have to figure out where this specific room is, and go there.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, can you describe a specific event when you, uh, travel, when you face travel to find a room or office inside PFD? Okay, so…
I remember I had this meeting with, uh…
new, uh, instructor…
for a subject that I was studying for, and it was our first meeting, and I had to go visit him in person in his office,
Yeah. Which is also in the third floor.
But I'm not used to…
those early are BFDs. Mm-hmm.
Right? Uh…
So, what I did was, I looked in… like, I remembered the…
number of the office, like, the room is, like, like, PFD something something something.
And I went there, I went to the third floor, I looked literally navigated my way through the signboards they had placed in… on top of, like,
in different intersections and stuff.
And I roamed around, did take a few wrong turns, but ultimately, I ended up
finding the room. But later, I realized there is a better and softer way that I could have taken, but…
But it kind of happens only after I found… after I find a specific place.
Yeah. And other than, like, when I'm finding the place, because when I'm finding the place, I'm looking through that navigation they have in the PFV buildings.
And that, actually,
gives you, uh, like, that actually guides you, right? It helps, but it does not help to find the room exactly, or specifically…
in, like, quick time. Like, it doesn't serve the purpose of finding a room quickly, or, like, easily finding the easiest path. It just helps you to…
make decisions so you can turn. Yeah, you can make a turn. That's it.
And, uh, how did you feel at that moment?
So, I was running late, right? And, uh,
I was running late, but…
And a little bit… no, I was not stressed, per se, but you can say I was a little bit…
No, I want to find a better word.
For…
Stress, I was not panicking.
Let's say I was stretched. Okay. I was pretending I was stretched. But, okay. Yeah, because I was running late, I just…
found the room, like, 5 minutes…
After our allocated meeting time. Mm-hmm.
And then I just went there, and I was like, ah, sorry, PFD, right? And he was like, uh, PFD, right? Okay. Yeah.
When you cannot find a location, like this, like this event, what do you use usually do? Do you only read the signboard, or do you have any other way to find that? Usually, I read the signboards, and that helps. It might not take you through the easiest way, but it will…
take you to the destination, right?
If that doesn't work, I just ask people.
But that happens quite rarely. Yeah.
Because the sand boards, their help.
Um… mostly died. And occasionally, to remember some places, I just go through PFTs, uh, this map,
Megs and maps they have.
And… yeah, pretty much it.
Also, I do remember the directions, by the way, so it's like…
east, west, north, and south. So if somebody asks me to meet somewhere, I'm like, which part of the PFD is it in? Is it, like, east, west, south, north? And then I just…
go to that space place, and then navigate through the sandbox. Yeah.
That is a good idea. Do you ever try using your phone inside PFT, like, for navigating? For navigating, that doesn't work, does it?
No, I don't… I don't know. Never. I don't know, if they were… if they were, uh…
map for a specific building, like PFT, I might, but I don't know if there is something like that, a system like that.
Okay. So I don't know how I use the phone to navigate.
Okay. Uh, and what parts of PFT feel most confusing, or, uh, difficult to navigate for you?
Maybe a long hallway with many rooms, maybe?
Uh, when… whenever… I get confused whenever I change floors, so I know a floor whenever I'm walking, and when I'm, like, I change… I go to the next floor,
It's like, um, a different layout. Mm-hmm.
And most of that. Mostly, where I have not visited. It's like, some places I have not been.
Or it's, like, new to me, I get confused. Otherwise…
Just, like, pretty easy. You get confused because the floors are different, uh, organized, or the room numbers are different.
What specifically make you confused? It's like the floors layout. Okay. If it was the same layout as the second floor, right, I would only have to remember one floor, and I'll go, okay, so this…
The restrooms are there, and the offices are there, but it's, like, completely different between the floors, so it's kind of difficult.
Okay. What about the sign boards? How do you find the signboards attached in the PFT? Do you find them very convenient, or do you find them confusing sometimes?
It gets you to where you want to go, but it's confusing to…
uh, like, decipher it at that moment. But it takes a little bit of time.
And you get a hang of it when you get… you get to using it.
And…
Yeah, and then it takes you to a specific place.
It's not that bad. Yeah. I'll go back to the previous question, like, you say that the hallways look, uh, hallways are confusing. Is it because they look similar, similar, or…?
they look very different. Why is it confusing to you? It might be the…
It might be because it's… hmm.
hallways, I feel like…
they are pretty much empty. Mm-hmm.
And… maybe, because it's similar. So, since this is empty…
is similar to the last one I just saw, and it would be like, oh, I just walked this path, and maybe not, oh…
Yeah, maybe because I was simulated. Yeah, what about the flow transitions, like the stairs and elevators, do they help you to navigate
In some way. You know, so I do have this mental map that I have created, right? So, if one stares,
So, it's like…
A stiff from the second floor leads to the third floor, then I know exactly where I am, right? Because the stairs becomes your focal point. Yeah. Between… to connect between the floors.
Same with the elevators. Mm-hmm.
So, if… also, this also… so this is also something I do. So, if I ever get lost in some places, I just go back to the elevator.
Yeah. Because it's the focal point, and I know how things are organized around the elevators.
And, uh, what cues help you the most when navigating inside a building?
I'm not sure what cues help me. You mentioned about your mental model, but is there any specific, like, the elevator
Could be one thing. The inhibitor is one thing. Yeah, is there anything else?
Um…
landmarks, maybe? Mm-hmm.
Right, so landmarks might help. So, if I know, like, the Panera is there, right, I can…
I know what is around Panera, or if I know the capstone is there, I would…
basically can… I can basically paint a faint picture in my brain, so these things are wrong.
Okay.
If you have to choose, do you really relay more on signage or landmarks? What would you say?
Both. Okay.
But if there are no signs, I'll…
rely on landmarks.
Yeah. Right? Yeah. But if I'm following the same, uh, I rely on…
Signs. But, uh, understand the question a little bit more away.
So if there is…
So, it's like…
intuitively, I follow the landmarks, right? Because I would not remember, okay, so this room is 3,024… this room is, like, 3245. I'll not do that. I'll be like, oh, this room is in this hallway, which is beside Panera.
So, it's, like, intuitively, it's landmark, but if you have to find a specific room,
Or a new, new place. New place? The sign is actually. Okay.
Okay. It makes sense.
Do you have any preference when navigating buildings? Like…
You have already mentioned that you wanted to find easy path for that. So, is there anything else you want to add with that?
So, I want to, uh, I want to find an easy path, maybe if I have to, I need… I want to avoid some places.
Right, so if I don't want to go through this hallway, then I should be able to avoid that and find a different route.
Uh… maybe add stops?
Alright, so if I want to go to, like, third floor from the first floor, I would, like, make a stop in the cafe, and then go to the restroom, and then go to…
a specific place, and find out, like, a good route for the pro… throughout the flow.
Yeah. Um…
I would also like to know where the roof access is, but I'm kidding.
Uh, but that would be helpful, though. Okay. Have you ever struggled to find an accessible route inside PFT, like…
Elevator or ramp, or automatic doors, like, you are injured, and you want to use the accessible roads.
Um, not really.
not really, but there might be a few, but I have not experienced that. Okay.
Okay. As a beta-starion, do you use any digital navigation system outdoors?
Yeah, I do use Google Maps and stuff. Google Maps, I use AllTrails, I use, uh, Apple Maps, different kinds of languages. Okay.
What do you like most about these systems?
Uh…
If you are a pedestrian using this… Oh, if I'm a pedestrian, right? Yeah.
It gives me the hardest way. I don't want to walk, like, 40 minutes to reach a place, right? Yeah. If there's, like, a 20-minute path, it just shows me the 20-minute path.
Also, I have the preference of choosing the path as well, so if someday I just don't want to go through that,
Uh, yeah, because there's, like, lots of traffic. I can just take a different path. Yeah.
There is the path option as well.
Uh, it also tells us, like, where I am in the map. That is really helpful.
Yeah. I feel like that is…
the key issue that is missing from, like, this PFT navigation, that you know, okay, so you know where to turn, but you don't know exactly where you are.
Hmm, what else? Uh…
And that's pretty much it. Okay.
Uh, do you ever use a digital indoor navigation system for PFT?
You know what, I might. Specifically, if I am in a rush to get somewhere, and I cannot find a place,
I would.
Because it's convenient, it's already in my phone, right? Yeah. Just pull it out and look through it.
Yeah, and what do you think, uh, could be…
Could be a moment, uh, that would stop you from using this kind of navigation.
diesel navigation system. Mmm…
Maybe if it's more of a hassle to go through the app to find out the, like, the places, to find out
to navigate yourself, let's say, than to use, like, physical science and stuff, I would, like,
go back to the physical sciences rather than the phones.
Uh, otherwise, I might stick to the… to… by phone, because it's, like, handy.
And specifically, if it tells me where I am in the map, right, it helps a lot.
Okay. Okay, those were all my questions. Is there anything else you'd like to share about Navigating Inside PFT?
No, I think that's it. Okay, thank you so much for your time. Thank you. Thank you for participating.